d/added default route table conflict warning (#15352)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/main_route_table_association.html.markdown

Provides a resource for managing the main routing table of a VPC.

> It is recommended you **do not** use both `aws_main_route_table_association` to
> manage the default route table **and** use the `aws_default_route_table`,
> due to possible conflict in routes.
> 
> For more information about Route Tables, see the AWS Documentation on
> [Route Tables][aws-route-tables].
> 
> For more information about managing normal Route Tables in Terraform, see our
> documentation on [aws_route_table][tf-route-tables].
> 

Reviewer: Hi @philnichol 👋  lets add this in a note section and use the same language as the `aws_default_route_table` resource referring back to that page.

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** **Do not** use both `aws_default_route_table` to manage a default route table **and** `aws_main_route_table_association` with the same VPC due to possible route conflicts. See [aws_default_route_table][tf-default-route-table] documentation for more details.

For more information, see the Amazon VPC User Guide on [Route Tables](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Route_Tables.html). For information about managing normal route tables in Terraform, see [`aws_route_table`](/docs/providers/aws/r/route_table.html).
```

this original table as the Main Route Table for the VPC. You'll see this
additional Route Table in the AWS console; it must remain intact in order for
the `main_route_table_association` delete to work properly.

> [aws-route-tables]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/VPC_Route_Tables.html#Route_Replacing_Main_Table
> [tf-route-tables]: /docs/providers/aws/r/route_table.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[aws-route-tables]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/VPC_Route_Tables.html#Route_Replacing_Main_Table
[tf-route-tables]: /docs/providers/aws/r/route_table.html
[tf-default-route-table]: /docs/providers/aws/r/default_route_table.html
```
